Document password policy entropy source (#992)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x (rc)/content/api-docs/system/policies-password.mdx

  base64-encoded to avoid string escaping. See [Password Policy Syntax](/vault/docs/concepts/password-policies#password-policy-syntax)
  for details on password policy definitions.

> - `entropy_source` `(string: "")` - Specifies the source of entropy
>   (randomness) used to generate the passwords.  The default ("") and
>   "platform" source randomness from the platform RNG.  "seal" (enterprise
>   only) sources entropy from the entropy augmentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `entropy_source` `(string: "platform")` - Specifies the source of entropy
  (randomness) used to generate the passwords.  Must be one of:
    - `platform` - source randomness from the platform RNG.
    - `seal` - source entropy from the entropy augmentation. <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" />
```
It sounds like the default *is* `platform`?

Author: The default is unset, because existing policies won't have a value for it.   We could change the readout code to produce platform, but it'd produce Terraform diffs.
